you need anything
just you all right we're here today to
teach you the basics of wildfire trends
we work for a company called mavis
as a private fire company
don't touch me james you said you wanted
to talk
you said your father had lied to you you
said you found my letter i thought she
had killed herself
again why i missed you how good i am how
could i see you when
what could i have said did he did he
torture you
was was he a monster and i just never
knew it no i was overwhelmed from the
minute you were born
and i loved you but i also resented you
where did you go i went to new york
where my cousins lived i fought fires
for two years
you haven't said i'm sorry for leaving
you and letting you think i was dead
i just left your father did the rest
where do you need me
[Music]
he asked me what am i supposed to tell a
nine-year-old girl about why her mother
left her
and i said i don't know
tell her i'm dead we train convicts we
use them as free labor
and then when they get out we don't give
them a job so i'm good with being fired
i was swiping for gay sex and i saw a
picture of my dad
with his shirt off wearing only chinos
and a belt i'm not part of
19 anymore but i wanted to be here
for andy if you're watching this
my dad was probably your hero the gift
of a group of people who i feel closer
to
than any blood brother or sister
oh my god it took morphine when i woke
up
i needed it i spoke to dr shepard and
she suggested that you
take some space let's stay clean we need
some time apart
this is so wild it's everything's
exactly like when we were kids
miller sorry to hear about you and sasha
man don't worry
we will still speak to you i'm robert
and i'm an addict
i can do everything i can to clean up
the mess your sister made
i prove it will take you you were always
a topic of conversation at sunday dinner
we never stopped looking out for you we
saw you in state
salsa i just i thought you know i
thought we were more than that
but what did you think we were i thought
we were family but i guess i was wrong
me asking you to move in with me as a
sign that i'm all the way
i got you huey here we're both healthy
we're both clean and sober that's what
we know
he's asking me to be a sponsor even
committed to a 90-day separation from
his wife so he could focus on his
recovery full time
is that correct all charges against me
were dropped
the investigation was mishandled i was
asked to resign from my position as
fired recently accepted a
new position as deputy chief of
operations putting in resources for
treatment
my prt is not the problem robert
sullivan
is not the problem there are systemic
problems that
one i'm sorry about the prt i know how
much you've mentioned colleagues
i regret breaking that trust and i plan
to spend the rest of my career making it
up to them commission i'm captain maya
bishop from station 19 and i'd be doing
this department of disservice if i
didn't bring our team here today from
pain from an injury he got on the job
putting others lives before his at sfd
we take care of our own
[Music]
dixon he was never one of us
losing a damn good firefighter is not
justice
yeah yeah let's be friends
but i do know that i never forgave you
for
taking the job for jack for so many
things that weren't entirely your fault
i'm sorry it's taken me so long to say
all this no
i'm i'm sorry i'm still a firefighter
knocked me back to grunt
where welcome to 19 probie
19 yeah yeah i'm at 23. oh
what's the problem miller you you reach
the level most black firefighters will
never sniff let alone see
and what do you do with all that success
everything they do i think i know what i
did no i think you knew exactly what you
did you just did it anyway i stole drugs
because i'm an addict miller
i should test it positive for kovid i'm
sorry
i'm so sorry but the good news is that
all three of you came in fire profile
dad
no i'm online i know
my mother-in-law she um she's gone
i'm not really dating right now
global pandemic now watch as i handle
the rejection
[Music]
gracefully
what the hell where is my daughter we
have reason to believe that there are
two teenage girls somewhere in or around
this house
what's going on what's going on two
girls are being held captive in that
burning house
[Music]
that's is this guy dragged us into a man
it's not your fault your niece do you
hear me
[Music]
stop resisting
you